Tx std reshuffle (#2706)
mobilecoinfoundation/mobilecoin: transaction/builder/README.md

# mc-transaction-builder

> This crate provides the One True `TransactionBuilder` and related builder objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This crate provides the officially supported `TransactionBuilder` and related builder objects
```

that MobileCoin clients use, such as `MemoBuilder` and `SignedContingentInputBuilder`.

This crate is not intended to become a part of the consensus enclave, instead
it is client oriented. It might be okay for it to require `std`, but currently it doesn't.

> If you are looking to sign mobilecoin transactions and you are working on an embedded device,

Reviewer: Nice!
